I know what you're saying to yourself right now. You may say, well, that whole scripts thing of giving agents tools and codes, it seems pretty amazing, except that I don't know how to write code. So I guess that's not for me. And you would be wrong. This is one of the most amazing things about AI and AI agents, is that AI is like your translator into computing. If you need something done, you tell the AI, and it can translate what you're asking for into code on your behalf. And you may have heard that AI is not a very good coder. I'm gonna tell you, as somebody who has been teaching software engineering and performing software engineering for many, many, many years, AI is incredibly good at writing code. And it's definitely good enough to help you write scripts and things that you need to package into a skill. So what you're gonna do when you need some skill that's going to have some computational component to it, like the ability to reach into a system or to work with a CSV file or an Excel file or whatever it is, is you're gonna have it write the code for you. Now, what do I mean to that? Well, it's really simple actually. And you can go and use one of the skill creators. And most of the skill creators will also recognize when code needs to be written. But you can also go and do this yourself in a conversation. So I'm just gonna start up a conversation with Chat2BT. And I'm gonna ask it to write a script for me. And I'm gonna say, write a Python script that can take in a table of travel expenses in CSV format with name, vendor, amount, date, and category, and create a visualization of the amount split by category and vendor. Now, what am I doing? I'm going and telling it, here is the tool that I need built for me. I need a script. And I need a script in the language Python. Now, there's many different programming languages that you could ask it to do. By default, it might even go and always write in Python. But I would just recommend that in general, you go and tell it, write a Python script. So if you need it to build a tool for you, go and tell it, write a Python script that, and then tell it what you want it to do. The more detailed you are, the better. If you have a particular file, and it's like, I need it to do something with this file, go and attach the file to the prompt and say, write a script that takes in files of this format, or takes in this exact file, or takes in whatever, and does blah. And it's going to translate what you ask it into code. Now, in this case, it translated what I asked it into this code. So now I have a tool or a script that I can package into my skill. What do I do? How do I get it into my skill? Well, one thing I can do is I can say, okay, now use the skill creator skill, because most of these tools have a skill creator built in, and use this skill, or I want you to package this into a skill. I want you to package this tool into a skill. Or what you can do is you can say, can you give me a link to download it? It comes back, and it gives you the script. Now you can download this thing, and you could, if you're building your skill up sort of manually on your machine, you could go and download this to the scripts folder, and now that script is there. And what I want you to think about is when you're talking to it, don't worry about the code. Give it lots of examples of the real files that you want to work with, and tell it what you want it to be able to do with them. Say, I want a tool or a script in Python that can do XYZ with this particular file or this set of files, and give up to them. It writes the files, and you say, okay, now give me a link to download it, and then you can download it and put it into that scripts folder. Now, there's one other important piece. You're gonna need the instructions for how to use it to go into that skill. So you can go back, and you can say, now write a set of instructions for how to use it. So it wrote the tool in the script. Now you just tell it, write the instructions, and it comes back, and it's got a whole probably list of instructions. You can just take those instructions, and you can copy and paste them into the skill.md file. But you might wanna go back and say, okay, now, if you need to do X, read these instructions on how to create a visualization from the expense files, or whatever it is, or from the receipts. But the point is, is that when you're building a skill, it's everybody's job to think about what are the tools that that agent needs to practice that skill. So it might need instructions, but it may also need different computational tools, or access to different systems. And you can go and converse yourself with one of these LLMs, or like ChatGPT or Claude, to get it to produce the code for you. And then you can save it into the scripts folder, or you can go have a conversation where you say, okay, here's my Excel file. Now I want you to go and write a script that can take this Excel file and calculate these things. Now try the script out yourself. Now show me what you got. And you go and you do a bunch of work. And then at the end, you say, now use the agent skill creator to create a skill for this. So going back to that earlier discussion that we had, where I said, go and find a conversation where it solved the problem and solved it well, and then have it turned into a skill. Well, go in and give it an Excel file. Go and tell it what you want it to calculate. Tell it to write a script so that that process, that computation that it did can be repeated. And then at the end, say, okay, now package that into a skill. So even though it may seem frightening because it's code, it is not code that you have to write. Agents can write the code themselves. Claude or ChatGBT can write the code for the scripts itself, and then you can package them up into the skill as tools that can be used repeatedly over and over in different conversations.